welcome to this review on the piper m9
and android-based chinese-made tablet
this review will just be a quick outline
on the piper and line and i'll also have
in-depth reviews with more examples
linked on annotations on the video the
pipe o em ngon is one of the most cost
affordable tablets on the market it's
available in a 16 gig only version for
two hundred fifty dollars from websites
such as spam or which is where i
purchased my tablet from what you get in
the box is a AC charging adapter a USB
cable a screen protector earphones USB
cable and the USB on-the-go cable it's a
great value considering a tablet so you
two hundred fifty dollars the first
thing I notice about this tablet was how
small it was it is by far the smallest
10.1 inch tablet on the market with its
thin bezel the tablet sports it clean
and minimalistic design which feels
great in the hands shown off by having
no buttons on the bottoms or sides of
the device it comes in at ten point
eight millimeters thick 240 millimeters
long and 172 millimeters higher the
buttons and ports are all on the top of
the device and from left to right you
have the back or escape button the power
button charging port mini HDMI port USB
port USB on-the-go port 3.5 millimeter
audio jack and finally our TF card port
meaning the device can be expandable
past the 16gb internal memory and the
device also weighs in at a measly 574
grams one of the lightest 10.1 inch
tablets on the market only being beaten
by the galaxy tab 10.1 one thing you
might have noticed already is that there
are any volume rockers but this is fixed
as you can adjust the volume using the
two speaker icons at the bottom advice
one negative thing about this device is
the fact that the speakers are situated
on the back of the device so when you
place the tablet down to watch a movie
while sitting down or if you hold it
you'll find a hard to hear the speakers
but once there isn't anything is
obstructing the back of the speakers
they honestly one of the best quality
stereo speakers of
heard what powers this device is what
blows it away from the competition at
its current price point it features a
1280 x 800 resolution screen which is
similar to devices such as the Galaxy
Note 10.1 and the galaxy tab 2 it runs
on the quad core rockchip 31 double
eight cpe it has two gigs of RAM
rivaling the Nexus 10 and which also
doubles the iPad fours ram it also comes
with a huge 7800 milliamp battery and
runs Android 4.1 one jellybean it
features a 5 megapixel back camera and
2-megapixel front camera which I admit
aren't the best but tablets are meant to
be used as cameras which is why almost
all new phone speed every tumblr tablet
camera out though the quality isn't
great it still works for what it's
required to do so it's still usable when
skyping or if you use google hangout the
device runs android 4.1 one jellybean
and so is pretty snappy as you can see
programs don't take long to load but one
issue I faced was lag when I had
multiple programs open with the
simultaneous downloads going on at the
same time but the lag only lasted for a
couple of seconds and was lag free after
that so it wasn't too bad gaming on this
tablet is great the rear there really
isn't any lag but I have noticed some
leg on cutscenes or entries on intensive
games such as Real Racing 3 but I'm
gaming performance generally is lag free
and perfect one of the cons about
Android devices in general is that most
of the apps are made for tablets and so
they look up scaled and don't look very
high definition on the screen web
browsing is pretty good but is mostly
dependent on your internet speeds rather
than tablet itself there is no
noticeable lag when zooming in or out or
moving left to right which is a plus and
it also does great playing on low videos
videos are pretty smooth up to about 2k
resolution where I experience some lag
using MX player I try to fix this by
changing it to hardware decoding but
some reason wouldn't let me to PDF
browsing is fine works well but
sometimes takes a while to properly
focus
text when you're zooming in but i'm not
sure why you'd be zooming in the
benchmarks of this device were great
because of the hardware but generally
chinese tablets are let down because the
poorly optimized Android systems rather
than the hardware and so benchmarks
alone shouldn't determine whether to
purchase this device or not so overall I
think this tablet is a great buy at 250
s for a 10.1 inch tablet it's half and
even a third of the price of its current
competitors on the market it's a great
device for kids parents etc because it's
cheap affordable and works great for a
tech savvy person I wouldn't recommend
this tablet as you will notice some
little nitty gritty details which others
won't pick up such as lag